the priest who brings us to God let me
ask you a question are you more
conscious of your sins then you are the
fact that they have already been paid
for and taken away too much focus on
self is unhealthy as gospel driven
believers we need to concentrate not on
our sins but on Jesus and the fact that
he has paid for them the Lamb of God has
taken them all away our focus now is
therefore to be centered on him it is
because of him alone that we are
forgiven accepted and redeemed children
of God but there's yet more on which we
can Center our attention not only has G
has taken away our sins he has also
brought us to God first Peter chapter 3
verse 18 this is good news I could never
get to god by my frail and faulty
efforts but Jesus by his person and
performance has already brought me there
but there's even more good news to think
about than this he the Lord Jesus as our
great high priests is at this precise
moment exercise in his ministry for our
benefit as our penal substitute he
bought us for God and as our high
priests he has brought us to God by the
Ministry of his priesthood he now
sustains keeps maintains
and protects every one of his blood
bought people our high priests has now
given us free and open access to the
father someone asks exactly how near has
he actually brought us to the Father the
hymn writer answers that question well
when he says so near so very near to God
I near cannot be four in the person of
his son I am as near as he we are
brought to God in Christ Peter tells us
for Christ also has once suffered for
sins the just for the unjust that he
might bring us to God first Peter
chapter 3 verse 18 we are redeemed
people whom he has purchased for himself
so that we would be with him forever
Jesus speaking to the disciples promised
it like this there where I am there ye
may be also John chapter 14 verse 3 we
therefore will lose this nearness to god
only when Christ loses is and that will
never happen for He is God manifested in
the flesh we may fail fall and act with
inconsistency we say this to our shame
but our high priests retains our
nearness to god the religious self
righteous man rejects the statement
however the truth is that access to God
is not found upon any law or system
based upon our performance our nearness
to god is based on christ and his
performance alone god values the
finished work in person of his son in
our faith rest on the fact that God sees
him and is satisfied it is impossible
that God will ever slight the sacrifice
in person of his precious son
in virtue of the doing and dying of
Jesus God acts in our favor according to
the value he puts on crisis work in
person Christ by his shed blood has
purchased nearness to god for us by
divine grace Christ now exercises his
priesthood as he ever lives to intercede
for us at the right hand of the Father
Hebrews chapter 7 verse 25 as our
prophet priest and King he applies his
word to us and in the face of every
trial difficulty heartache and suffering
leads us on to our destiny we are
perfectly suited to have in Christ as
our priest for we always need him there
is never a moment when we are so perfect
in ourselves that we can dismiss him in
his wisdom God knowing what we are like
has provided us with the perfect priests
whoever lives in his presence so that we
would be sustained and kept by grace our
greatest danger is that we quickly
forget the gospel our natural tendency
is to do just that we must therefore
constantly live in the light of the
finished work the more we count on the
fact that we have the father's
forgiveness and that Christ alone is our
righteousness the more sin and its
effects will lose their grip on us
and that's the gospel truth miles miles
McGee ministries